I'm going to restart my server just for good measure,
get a fresh connection, should have those changes that we
just committed to our database and all that in there, and
when it pulls up our browser,
we should be connected to our database now. Now in our
browser, if we click Add Registration,
it'll take us to the Login page. If we type in bryan, and pass, click Login, it
actually is going out to our database and round‑tripping back through our
application using that instead of the in‑memory model.
Let's look at what we had to do to our IDE to get that all set up again.
Inside of our pom,
we had to add the spring‑boot‑starter‑data‑jpa dependency and the
mysql‑connector‑java dependency. In our application.properties,
we had to add these four lines, spring.datasource.url, username, password, and
our driver‑class‑name. That connects us up to our database.
Under our ConferenceSecurityConfig, we injected that Autowired
DataSource dataSource at the top, and changed our configuration
to be auth.jdbcAuthentication using a .dataSource where we
passed in that dataSource.
And the other code thing that we had to do was I showed you how to
use the PasswordEncoder by auto‑wiring it in and then just doing a
System.out.println, where we used that encoder to encode the password
that we're using. From there,
we used our MySQL Workbench to update our record with the
correct password, and had that set in there.
Once we did that, we saved everything, restarted our server, and, as you can see, it pulled it back correctly from the database.